I am Iron Man.
FURY: "I am Iron Man." You think you're
the only superhero in the world?
You've become part of a bigger universe.
You just don't know it yet.
-Who the hell are you?
-Nick Fury, Director of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Oh.
I'm here to talk to you
about the Avenger Initiative.
We have no idea what other
intergalactic threats are out there.
For emergencies only, okay?
FURY: And our one-woman security force
had a prior commitment
on the other side of the universe.
S.H.I.E.L.D. alone can't protect us.
COULSON: Think you can find
others like her?
FURY: We found her,
and we weren't even looking.
I don't wanna join
your super-secret boy band.
(LAUGHS) No, no, no. See, I remember,
you do everything yourself.
How's that working out?
You wanna do this whole
lone gunslinger act and it's unnecessary.
You don't have to do this alone.
FURY: That's not looking so good.
Meet Agent Romanoff.
-Hi.
-I'm a S.H.I.E.L.D. shadow.
Once you were ill,
I was tasked to you by Director Fury.
You are mind-blowingly duplicitous.
How do you do it?
You tear things...
You're a triple impostor.
Never seen anything like you.
At this juncture, we'd only like
to use you as a consultant.
ROMANOFF: For a man
who's supposed to be avoiding stress,
you picked a hell of a place to settle.
Avoiding stress isn't the secret.
-BANNER: Who are you?
-Natasha Romanoff.
I'm here on behalf of S.H.I.E.L.D.
-BANNER: Why?
-Nick Fury seems to trust you.
COUNCILMAN: You're dealing with forces
you can't control.
What if I say no?
I'll persuade you.
COUNCILMAN: You're running
the greatest covert security network
and you're leaving the fate
of the human race to a handful of freaks.
I'm not leaving anything to anyone.
We need a response team.
Trying to get me back in the world?
FURY: Trying to save it.
We fight for the same cause,
the protection of this world.
From this day forward,
you can count me as your ally.
FURY: These people may be isolated,
unbalanced even
but I believe with the right push...
We need you to look this over.
...they can be exactly what we need.
There was an idea to bring together
a group of remarkable people,
to see if they could become
something more.
-ROMANOFF: How do we do this?
-As a team.
COUNCILWOMAN: I don't think you understand
what you've started,
letting the Avengers
loose on this world.
They're dangerous.
FURY: They surely are,
and the whole world knows it.
Every world knows it.
Was that the point of all this?
A statement?
FURY: A promise.
ROGERS: Avengers...
assemble.